
<https://thrift.apache.org/>

Getting Started
Download Apache Thrift
To get started, download a copy of Thrift.

Build and Install the Apache Thrift compiler
You will then need to build the Apache Thrift compiler and install it. See the installing Thrift guide for any help with this step.

Writing a .thrift file
After the Thrift compiler is installed you will need to create a thrift file. This file is an interface definition made up of thrift types and Services. The services you define in this file are implemented by the server and are called by any clients. The Thrift compiler is used to generate your Thrift File into source code which is used by the different client libraries and the server you write. To generate the source from a thrift file run

thrift --gen <language> <Thrift filename>
The sample tutorial.thrift file used for all the client and server tutorials can be found here.

---

<https://thrift.apache.org/docs/install/os_x>

OS X Setup
The following command install all the required tools and libraries to build and install the Apache Thrift compiler on a OS X based system.

Install Boost
Download the boost library from boost.org untar compile with

./bootstrap.sh
sudo ./b2 threading=multi address-model=64 variant=release stage install
Install libevent
Download libevent, untar and compile with

./configure --prefix=/usr/local 
make
sudo make install
Building Apache Thrift
Download the latest version of Apache Thrift, untar and compile with

./configure --prefix=/usr/local/ --with-boost=/usr/local --with-libevent=/usr/local
Additional reading
For more information on the requirements see: Apache Thrift Requirements

For more information on building and installing Thrift see: Building from source

This snippet was generated by Apache Thrift's source tree docs: doc/install/os_x.md


---

Example
Apache Thrift allows you to define data types and service interfaces in a simple definition file. Taking that file as input, the compiler generates code to be used to easily build RPC clients and servers that communicate seamlessly across programming languages. Instead of writing a load of boilerplate code to serialize and transport your objects and invoke remote methods, you can get right down to business.

The following example is a simple service to store user objects for a web front end.

####  Thrift Definition File
service Calculator extends shared.SharedService {

  /**
   * A method definition looks like C code. It has a return type, arguments,
   * and optionally a list of exceptions that it may throw. Note that argument
   * lists and exception lists are specified using the exact same syntax as
   * field lists in struct or exception definitions.
   */

   void ping(),

   i32 add(1:i32 num1, 2:i32 num2),

   i32 calculate(1:i32 logid, 2:Work w) throws (1:InvalidOperation ouch),

   /**
    * This method has a oneway modifier. That means the client only makes
    * a request and does not listen for any response at all. Oneway methods
    * must be void.
    */
   oneway void zip()

}

####  Python Client

def main():
    # Make socket
    transport = TSocket.TSocket('localhost', 9090)

    # Buffering is critical. Raw sockets are very slow
    transport = TTransport.TBufferedTransport(transport)

    # Wrap in a protocol
    protocol = TBinaryProtocol.TBinaryProtocol(transport)

    # Create a client to use the protocol encoder
    client = Calculator.Client(protocol)

    # Connect!
    transport.open()

    client.ping()
    print('ping()')

    sum = client.add(1, 1)

#### Java Server

Initialize the Server:
    try {
      TServerTransport serverTransport = new TServerSocket(9090);
      TServer server = new TSimpleServer(new Args(serverTransport).processor(processor));

      // Use this for a multithreaded server
      // TServer server = new TThreadPoolServer(new TThreadPoolServer.Args(serverTransport).processor(processor));

      System.out.println("Starting the simple server...");
      server.serve();
    } catch (Exception e) {
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
This snippet was generated by Apache Thrift's source tree docs: tutorial/java/src/JavaServer.java

The CalculatorHandler:
public class CalculatorHandler implements Calculator.Iface {

  private HashMap<Integer,SharedStruct> log;

  public CalculatorHandler() {
    log = new HashMap<Integer, SharedStruct>();
  }

  public void ping() {
    System.out.println("ping()");
  }

  public int add(int n1, int n2) {
    System.out.println("add(" + n1 + "," + n2 + ")");
    return n1 + n2;
  }

  public int calculate(int logid, Work work) throws InvalidOperation {
    System.out.println("calculate(" + logid + ", {" + work.op + "," + work.num1 + "," + work.num2 + "})");
    int val = 0;
    switch (work.op) {
    case ADD:
      val = work.num1 + work.num2;
      break;
    case SUBTRACT:
      val = work.num1 - work.num2;
      break;
    case MULTIPLY:
      val = work.num1 * work.num2;
      break;
    case DIVIDE:
      if (work.num2 == 0) {
        InvalidOperation io = new InvalidOperation();
        io.whatOp = work.op.getValue();
        io.why = "Cannot divide by 0";
        throw io;
      }
      val = work.num1 / work.num2;
      break;
    default:
      InvalidOperation io = new InvalidOperation();
      io.whatOp = work.op.getValue();
      io.why = "Unknown operation";
      throw io;
    }

    SharedStruct entry = new SharedStruct();
    entry.key = logid;
    entry.value = Integer.toString(val);
    log.put(logid, entry);

    return val;
  }

  public SharedStruct getStruct(int key) {
    System.out.println("getStruct(" + key + ")");
    return log.get(key);
  }

  public void zip() {
    System.out.println("zip()");
  }

}


